chore(docs): delegated stake docs feedback (#17639)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/the_aztec_network/operation/sequencer_management/running_delegated_stake.md

As a provider, you register with the StakingRegistry contract and add sequencer identities (keystores) to a queue. When delegators stake to your provider, the system:

1. Dequeues one keystore from your provider queue
2. Creates a [Split contract](https://docs.splits.org/core/split) for reward distribution

> 3. Registers that sequencer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registers the sequencer into the queue using the dequeued keystore
```

> 4. Routes all staking rewards through the Split contract according to your commission rate

Reviewer: Not true. The `coinbase` is part of the keystore and it's up to the sequencer to set it. This cannot be enforced by our Staking Registry. So in theory, the sequencer can rug you of all your rewards.

Author: Thanks for the heads up, addressed !

### Reward Distribution

> When a delegator stakes to your provider, a new Split contract is automatically created to manage reward distribution between you and the delegator. All staking rewards earned by the sequencer are automatically sent to this Split contract, which can then be called to distribute the rewards according to the agreed commission rate:

Reviewer: Again see my comment above. The splits contract is created, but it's up to the sequencer operator to respect it. The `coinbase` is a node variable and not a config on L1.

Author: Addressed here as well !

As a provider, you register with the StakingRegistry contract and add sequencer identities (keystores) to a queue. When delegators stake to your provider, the system:

1. Dequeues one keystore from your provider queue
2. Creates a [Split contract](https://docs.splits.org/core/split) for reward distribution
3. Registers the sequencer into the queue using the dequeued keystore

### Reward Distribution

When a delegator stakes to your provider, a new Split contract is automatically created to manage reward distribution between you and the delegator. You then configure your sequencer node to use the Split contract address as the coinbase (see [After Delegation: Configure Sequencer Coinbase](#after-delegation-configure-sequencer-coinbase)). When configured correctly, staking rewards are sent to the Split contract, which distributes them according to the agreed commission rate:

- **Provider commission**: You receive the percentage specified in your `providerTakeRate` (e.g., 5% if you set 500 basis points)

> - **Delegator rewards**: The delegator's Aztec Token Position (ATP) receives the remaining percentage

Reviewer: You should probably mention the `providerRewardsRecipient` which is the recipient of the providers commission. This address is set when a provider first registers themselves on the StakingRegistry.

Author: Fair enough, as its mentioning the location on the second point. Done !

> This design ensures delegators maintain control of their rewards while you earn commission for operating the sequencer infrastructure. You can monitor accumulated rewards for your Split contracts through the staking dashboard using your provider ID (obtained in Step 1).

Reviewer: Is this true? I'm not sure how Rahul and folks are building this tracking feature. 

* Rewards will accumulate in the rollup under `coinbase`
* Anyone can release the rewards to `coinbase` from the rollup (once rewards are unlocked)
* In the splits contract, anyone can disperse the rewards to both the ATP and the `providerRewardsRecipient`

Based on the above, it's not clear to me how the staking dashboard will track provider rewards via the `providerId`

Author: I heard it was planned, but will modify the flow to be yours, and update once finished

2. Creates a [Split contract](https://docs.splits.org/core/split) for reward distribution
3. Registers the sequencer into the queue using the dequeued keystore

### Reward Distribution

When a delegator stakes to your provider, a new Split contract is automatically created to manage reward distribution between you and the delegator. You then configure your sequencer node to use the Split contract address as the coinbase (see [After Delegation: Configure Sequencer Coinbase](#after-delegation-configure-sequencer-coinbase)). When configured correctly, staking rewards are sent to the Split contract, which distributes them according to your agreed commission rate:

- **Provider commission**: Sent to your `providerRewardsRecipient` address (set during registration) at your specified commission rate (e.g., 5% for 500 basis points)
- **Delegator rewards**: The delegator's Aztec Token Position (ATP) receives the remaining percentage

This design ensures delegators maintain control of their rewards while you earn commission for operating the sequencer infrastructure. The rewards flow works as follows:

1. Rewards accumulate in the rollup under the coinbase address (the Split contract)

> 2. Once rewards are unlocked, anyone can release them from the rollup to the coinbase address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once rewards are unlocked via a governance vote, anyone can release them from the rollup to the coinbase address
```

1. Register your provider with the Staking Registry
2. Add sequencer identities to your provider queue
3. (Optional) Add provider metadata with a PR

**After a delegator stakes:** Configure your sequencer's coinbase (see [After Delegation](#after-delegation-configure-sequencer-coinbase))

### Step 1: Register Your Provider

> Register with the `StakingRegistry` contract as a provider for delegated staking. This process is permissionless—anyone can register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register with the `StakingRegistry` contract as a provider for delegated staking. Registration is permissionless and is open to anyone. 
```

3. Website and social media URLs
4. Your `providerIdentifier`

Good metadata helps delegators understand your offering and builds trust. The exact submission workflow is still being finalized. Check the [Aztec Discord](https://discord.gg/aztec) for the latest instructions.

## After Delegation: Configure Sequencer Coinbase

> Once a delegator stakes to your provider, the system creates a Split contract for that specific delegation and activates the corresponding sequencer. **Configure that sequencer's keystore to use the Split contract address as the coinbase recipient.**

Reviewer: There's two keystores in question here:
1. One keystore is onchain and contains `attester` `BLSkeys` etc. and is used to register the sequencer into the queue. 
2. The other is the keystore.json which is used to configure the node software. 

The coinbase goes into the latter. Since you talk about keystores being dequeued at the top of this document, probably best to replace

"Configure that sequencer's keystore to use .." with "Configure the sequencer to use .."

Author: Fair point, addressed !
